Improvements based on use case partner feedback (#293)
opendr-eu/opendr: README.md

OpenDR aims to develop, train, deploy and evaluate deep learning models that improve the technical capabilities of the core technologies beyond the current state of the art.

## Where to start?

You can start by [installing](docs/reference/installation.md) the OpenDR toolkit. 
OpenDR can be installed in the following ways:
1. By *cloning* this repository (CPU/GPU support)
2. Using *pip* (CPU/GPU support only)
3. Using *docker* (CPU/GPU support)

## What OpenDR provides?

OpenDR provides an intuitive and easy to use **[Python interface](src/opendr)**, a **[C API](src/c_api) for performance critical application**, a wealth of **[usage examples and supporting tools](projects)**, as well as **ready-to-use [ROS nodes](projects/opendr_ws)**.
OpenDR is built to support [Webots Open Source Robot Simulator](https://cyberbotics.com/), while it also extensively follows industry standards, such as [ONNX model format](https://onnx.ai/) and [OpenAI Gym Interface](https://gym.openai.com/).

## How can I start using OpenDR?

> You can find detailed documentation in OpenDR [wiki](https://github.com/tasostefas/opendr_internal/wiki). 

Reviewer: This was already wrong before
```suggestion
You can find detailed documentation in OpenDR [wiki](https://github.com/opendr-eu/opendr/wiki). 
```

> You can find detailed documentation in OpenDR [wiki](https://github.com/tasostefas/opendr_internal/wiki). 

Reviewer: The same old link also at line 81

Author: Fixed.
